content/page/todo.md, before:

+++
title = "To Do"
date = 2020-08-11T13:29:21+05:30
description = "To Do list"
slug = "todo"
url = "todo"
emoji = ":microbe:"
draft = "true"
+++

[x] Create an ticket booking app with micro-services
[ ] Do the exam Cisco 200-301 (CCNA)
[ ] Do all the [8 certifications](https://bradshaw.cloud/2018/03/20/aws-certifications/).
[ ] Do AWS Solution Architect - Associate
[ ] Learn About Svelte
[ ] Learn about Sapper
[ ] Learn about Strapi
[ ] Next.js or Gatsby, Prismic as the headless CMS and running on Vercel.


[ ] Angular + C# by Mosh Hamedani
[ ] Learn about OAuth2.0 patterns
[ ] PM2
[ ] RabbitMQ by Hussein Nasser
[ ] Elastic Search | Kibana | ELK
[ ] Ngnix

[ ] GraphQL + Apollo (Client and Server)
[ ] Hasura
[ ] SQL with Mosh

[ ] Docker
[ ] Docker Swarm
[ ] Kubernetes

[ ] Machine Learning with Python
[ ] NPM package | publish | build
[ ] Learn about Vue and Vue Visualization

[ ] Algorithm by Goal Kicker
[ ] Learn Data Structures
[ ] Do design system exercises ( xmruibi | andiamogosood )
[ ] Update and finish the trostcss repository
[ ] Do all exercises on project euler
[ ] Do all exercises on leet code
[ ] Learn about SOLID principles -> Dep. Injection
[ ] Finish creating the dialogflow chatbot

[ ] Learn Flutter
[ ] Learn Kotlin
[ ] Learn Xamarin
[ ] Expo + Firebase (app Udemy)
[ ] Learn C w/ Make files

[ ] Learn Go Language
[ ] Create a Python API w/ FastAPI (CoronaVirus API) - Udemy - Complete Python API development
[ ] Go Language - Make an Interpreter and Compiler

[ ] Learn about Distributed System
[ ] Phoenix and Ruby on Rails
[ ] Graph Databases
[ ] Read the Book on Databases

[ ] Background Job Processing (Oban, Sidekiq, ...)
[ ] Message Queue (Pubsub/ Kafka)
[ ] Learn about Full-text Search (Solr, ElasticSearch, Lucene)
[ ] Learn about manage access control by role with Node.js, TypeORM and PostgreSQL
[ ] Serverless auction service developed with Serverless Framework (AWS) and Node.js.
[ ] SaaS application developed with Adonis (a NodeJS framework), Multitenancy, ReactJS and React Native.
[ ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Xe4DUHka1o

[ ] Learn about OpenId Connect and IAM Identity Server
[ ] Read Galshir book on Inspirations

[ ] Java Spring
[ ] Java Hibernate
[ ] Learn Dino

[x] Learn about Design UI/UX (Advance)

[ ] [Hussein Nasser](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NsWnT_-FoE) - Scalability and more
[ ] Rachit Jain - Interview 
[ ] Gaurav Sen about Scalability

Commit message:

docs: add google cloud run todo

content/page/todo.md, after:

+++
title = "To Do"
date = 2020-08-11T13:29:21+05:30
description = "To Do list"
slug = "todo"
url = "todo"
emoji = ":microbe:"
draft = "true"
+++

[x] Create an ticket booking app with micro-services
[ ] Do the exam Cisco 200-301 (CCNA)
[ ] Do all the [8 certifications](https://bradshaw.cloud/2018/03/20/aws-certifications/)

[ ] Angular + C# by Mosh Hamedani
[ ] Learn about OAuth2.0 patterns
[ ] PM2
[ ] RabbitMQ by Hussein Nasser
[ ] Elastic Search | Kibana | ELK
[ ] Ngnix

[ ] GraphQL + Apollo (Client and Server)
[ ] Hasura
[ ] SQL with Mosh

[ ] Docker
[ ] Docker Swarm
[ ] Kubernetes

[ ] Machine Learning with Python
[ ] NPM package | publish | build
[ ] Learn about Vue and Vue Visualization

[ ] Do AWS Solution Architect - Associate
[ ] Learn About Svelte
[ ] Learn about Sapper
[ ] Learn about Strapi
[ ] Next.js or Gatsby, Prismic as the headless CMS and running on Vercel.
[ ] Look at the Presentation and [read the book](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQK6I1AF4lM5t0EsDKcAJvBW1dlLOhmrftPz1UsroQd3TYfLQv1j1ecGYhTh622X8kn8ojYpyvkr_AL/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000&slide=id.p) - Building Serverless Applications with Google Cloud Run: A Real-World Guide to Building Production-Ready Services by Wietse Venema



[ ] Algorithm by Goal Kicker
[ ] Learn Data Structures
[ ] Do design system exercises ( xmruibi | andiamogosood )
[ ] Update and finish the trostcss repository
[ ] Do all exercises on project euler
[ ] Do all exercises on leet code
[ ] Learn about SOLID principles -> Dep. Injection
[ ] Finish creating the dialogflow chatbot

[ ] Learn Flutter
[ ] Learn Kotlin
[ ] Learn Xamarin
[ ] Expo + Firebase (app Udemy)
[ ] Learn C w/ Make files

[ ] Learn Go Language
[ ] Create a Python API w/ FastAPI (CoronaVirus API) - Udemy - Complete Python API development
[ ] Go Language - Make an Interpreter and Compiler

[ ] Learn about Distributed System
[ ] Phoenix and Ruby on Rails
[ ] Graph Databases
[ ] Read the Book on Databases

[ ] Background Job Processing (Oban, Sidekiq, ...)
[ ] Message Queue (Pubsub/ Kafka)
[ ] Learn about Full-text Search (Solr, ElasticSearch, Lucene)
[ ] Learn about manage access control by role with Node.js, TypeORM and PostgreSQL
[ ] Serverless auction service developed with Serverless Framework (AWS) and Node.js.
[ ] SaaS application developed with Adonis (a NodeJS framework), Multitenancy, ReactJS and React Native.
[ ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Xe4DUHka1o

[ ] Learn about OpenId Connect and IAM Identity Server
[ ] Read Galshir book on Inspirations

[ ] Java Spring
[ ] Java Hibernate
[ ] Learn Dino

[x] Learn about Design UI/UX (Advance)

[ ] [Hussein Nasser](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NsWnT_-FoE) - Scalability and more
[ ] Rachit Jain - Interview 
[ ] Gaurav Sen about Scalability
