README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/murshidazher/murshid/master/themes/murshid-starter/static/img/favicon-lg.png" width="75px">

# [murshidazher.com](https://www.murshidazher.com)

![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/murshidazher/murshid?style=flat-square)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/netlify/5bb22eef-8559-4079-be63-e42c63f63770?logo=netlify&style=flat-square)
![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/murshidazher/murshid?logo=circleci&style=flat-square)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/murshidazher/murshid?style=flat-square)
![Blazing Fast](https://img.shields.io/badge/speed-blazing%20%F0%9F%94%A5-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)
![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)

> A simple performant personal website made with [hugo](https://gohugo.io/).

- Personal website made using world's fastest static-site generator.

## Table of Contents

- [murshidazher.com](#murshidazhercom)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installing / Getting started](#installing--getting-started)
    - [Initial Configuration](#initial-configuration)
  - [Developing](#developing)
    - [Building](#building)
    - [Deploying / Publishing](#deploying--publishing)
  - [TODO](#todo)
  - [Keep in Mind](#keep-in-mind)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [License](#license)

## Installing / Getting started

A quick introduction of the minimal setup you need to get a hello world up & running.

```shell
packagemanager install awesome-project
awesome-project start
awesome-project "Do something!"  # prints "Nah."
```

Here you should say what actually happens when you execute the code above.

### Initial Configuration

Some projects require initial configuration (e.g. access tokens or keys, `npm i`). This is the section where you would document those requirements.

## Developing

Here's a brief intro about what a developer must do in order to start developing the project further:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/your/awesome-project.git
cd awesome-project/
packagemanager install
```

And state what happens step-by-step.

### Building

If your project needs some additional steps for the developer to build the project after some code changes, state them here:

```shell
./configure
make
make install
```

Here again you should state what actually happens when the code above gets executed.

### Deploying / Publishing

In case there's some step you have to take that publishes this project to a server, this is the right time to state it.

```shell
packagemanager deploy awesome-project -s server.com -u username -p password
```

And again you'd need to tell what the previous code actually does.

## TODO

- [x] SEO the website.
- [ ] Add quick link navigation in a single blog post.
- [x] Add apple-emoji font.
- [ ] Show the code language in syntax hightlight js.
- [ ] Add resume for the site.
- [x] Add node-arctic code colors.
- [x] Add custom theme colors.
- [x] Change logo hover colors according to the theme.
- [ ] Add search functionality for blog.
- [x] Add `RSS` feed for the blog.
- [ ] Add a way to display a collection of liked posts (`IFTTT` trigger `Pocket` feed).
- [ ] Add detailed projects section.
- [ ] Include pagination.
- [x] Check footer copyright responsiveness.
- [x] Add preload functionality for the site.
- [ ] Add a separate about me section for the site.
- [ ] Add a work with me section for the site.
- [ ] Add service worker for offline capabilities.
- [x] Add Sitemap and robots.txt .
- [ ] Next and Prev. inside a single blog post.

## Keep in Mind

- **Syntax** - syntax highlight isn't working as it's expected to work.

## Links

A list of tools used to develop this project

- :zap: [hugo](https://gohugo.io/) - a static-site generator
- :athletic_shoe: [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation-and-update) - for managing the `npm` version
- :baby_bottle: [autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) - to use `PostCSS` vendor prefixes
- :burrito: [prettier](https://prettier.io/) - for code formatting
- :cactus: [lazy-loading](https://github.com/aFarkas/lazysizes) - for lazy-loading of images

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/murshidazher/murshid/blob/master/LICENSE) © Murshid Azher.

Commit message:

feat: customize the plotly layout

README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/murshidazher/murshid/master/themes/murshid-starter/static/img/favicon-lg.png" width="75px">

# [murshidazher.com](https://www.murshidazher.com)

![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/murshidazher/murshid?style=flat-square)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/netlify/5bb22eef-8559-4079-be63-e42c63f63770?logo=netlify&style=flat-square)
![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/murshidazher/murshid?logo=circleci&style=flat-square)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/murshidazher/murshid?style=flat-square)
![Blazing Fast](https://img.shields.io/badge/speed-blazing%20%F0%9F%94%A5-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)
![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)

> A simple performant personal website made with [hugo](https://gohugo.io/).

- Personal website made using world's fastest static-site generator.

## Table of Contents

- [murshidazher.com](#murshidazhercom)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installing / Getting started](#installing--getting-started)
    - [Initial Configuration](#initial-configuration)
  - [Developing](#developing)
    - [Building](#building)
    - [Deploying / Publishing](#deploying--publishing)
  - [TODO](#todo)
  - [Keep in Mind](#keep-in-mind)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [License](#license)

## Installing / Getting started

A quick introduction of the minimal setup you need to get a hello world up & running.

```shell
packagemanager install awesome-project
awesome-project start
awesome-project "Do something!"  # prints "Nah."
```

Here you should say what actually happens when you execute the code above.

### Initial Configuration

Some projects require initial configuration (e.g. access tokens or keys, `npm i`). This is the section where you would document those requirements.

## Developing

Here's a brief intro about what a developer must do in order to start developing the project further:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/your/awesome-project.git
cd awesome-project/
packagemanager install
```

And state what happens step-by-step.

### Building

If your project needs some additional steps for the developer to build the project after some code changes, state them here:

```shell
./configure
make
make install
```

Here again you should state what actually happens when the code above gets executed.

### Deploying / Publishing

In case there's some step you have to take that publishes this project to a server, this is the right time to state it.

```shell
packagemanager deploy awesome-project -s server.com -u username -p password
```

And again you'd need to tell what the previous code actually does.

## TODO

- [ ] Add table of contents
- [x] SEO the website.
- [ ] Add quick link navigation in a single blog post.
- [x] Add apple-emoji font.
- [ ] Show the code language in syntax hightlight js.
- [ ] Add resume for the site.
- [x] Add node-arctic code colors.
- [x] Add custom theme colors.
- [x] Change logo hover colors according to the theme.
- [ ] Add search functionality for blog.
- [x] Add `RSS` feed for the blog.
- [ ] Add a way to display a collection of liked posts (`IFTTT` trigger `Pocket` feed).
- [ ] Add detailed projects section.
- [ ] Include pagination.
- [x] Check footer copyright responsiveness.
- [x] Add preload functionality for the site.
- [ ] Add a separate about me section for the site.
- [ ] Add a work with me section for the site.
- [ ] Add service worker for offline capabilities.
- [x] Add Sitemap and robots.txt .
- [ ] Next and Prev. inside a single blog post.

## Keep in Mind

- **Syntax** - syntax highlight isn't working as it's expected to work.
- Plotly

## Links

A list of tools used to develop this project

- :zap: [hugo](https://gohugo.io/) - a static-site generator
- :athletic_shoe: [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation-and-update) - for managing the `npm` version
- :baby_bottle: [autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) - to use `PostCSS` vendor prefixes
- :burrito: [prettier](https://prettier.io/) - for code formatting
- :cactus: [lazy-loading](https://github.com/aFarkas/lazysizes) - for lazy-loading of images
- :chart_with_upward_trend: [plotly](https://plotly.com/javascript/) - for interactive charts

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/murshidazher/murshid/blob/master/LICENSE) © Murshid Azher.
