themes/murshid-starter/README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/murshidazher/murshid/master/themes/murshid-starter/static/img/favicon-lg.png" width="75px">

# [murshidazher.com](https://murshidazher.com/)

> A simple starter theme for personal website.

- **SASS** — what are the uses

## Links

- [Curated collection](https://github.com/theNewDynamic/awesome-hugo) of hugo articles and examples and [extension](https://github.com/theNewDynamic/language-hugo-vscode).
- Get top 5 github links [Hugo data](https://gohugo.io/templates/data-templates/)
- [SEO and RSS](https://keithpblog.org/post/hugo-website-seo/)
- [Perfect meta](https://www.skcript.com/svr/perfect-seo-meta-tags-with-hugo/)
- [Superb site for Shortcodes and Hugo updates](https://gohugohq.com/partials/emojis-shortcode-for-hugo/)
- [How To Change The Links That Appear Under Your Site On Google](https://www.create.net/support/how-to-change-the-links-that-appear-under-your-site-on-google)
- [ifttt](https://ifttt.com/join)
- [pocket + ifttt](https://ifttt.com/connect/feed/pocket)
- [IFTTT Andy article](https://hankchizljaw.com/wrote/jamstack-ifttt-and-netlify:-a-power-trio/#heading-back-to-power-trios)
- [Vinyl Record cover](https://www.sketchappsources.com/free-source/1908-vinyl-pop-up-sketch-freebie-resource.html)
- [Asynchronously loading pages](https://albertarmea.com/post/async-load-hugo/)
- [hugo-lunrjs-search-index](https://codewithhugo.com/hugo-lunrjs-search-index/)
- [WIA aria 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/)
- [Generative Art](https://hamy.xyz/about/) generative art
- [Manage Google Tags](https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/tag-manager/)
- [Auto-publish future posts with JAMstack on Netlify and IFTTT/CircleCI 2.0 scheduled jobs](https://codewithhugo.com/scheduled-future-posts-jamstack/)
- [Hugo - Best practices](https://github.com/spech66/hugo-best-practices)
- [SASS / SCSS Assets Management](https://gohugo.io/hugo-pipes/scss-sass/)
- [Custom headers Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/headers/#multi-value-headers)
- [Circle CI + Heroku](https://circleci.com/blog/automating-the-deploy-of-an-adonis-api-to-heroku/) and
  [this](https://discourse.gohugo.io/t/automated-deployment-with-circle-ci-hugo/11168)
- [Automate scheduled builds with Hugo, Netlify, and GitLab’s CI/CD pipeline](https://www.neotericdesign.com/articles/2020/02/automate-scheduled-builds-with-hugo-netlify-and-gitlabs-ci/cd-pipeline/)
- [SEO Links](https://varvy.com/)
- [Netlify + Apache HTTP access](https://community.netlify.com/t/netlify-using-htaccess-file/3678/2)
- [Remove Outdated Links Google](https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/removals)
- [How to create subdomain in Netlify](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-host-a-git-repository-on-a-subdomain-with-netlify-b8afb5fca96e/)
- [SEO sitemap best practices in 2020](https://blog.spotibo.com/sitemap-guide/)
- [minify configuration in HUGO](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/configuration/) config to minify CSS
- [Cloudinary Dynamic Quality Analysis](https://cloudinary.com/blog/how_to_support_webp_images_save_bandwidth_and_improve_user_performance)
- [WebP Hero](https://chasemoskal.com/webp-hero/)
- [Stackoverflow Webp](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47663490/how-to-view-webp-format-on-ie11)
- [Progressive Image Loading](https://scotch.io/tutorials/blurry-to-crisp-progressive-media-for-better-ux)
- [Netlify Custom headers](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/headers/#basic-authentication-headers)
- [Content of this](https://www.connorrothschild.com/)
- [Blog Side Content Nav](https://www.connorrothschild.com/post/animate-hugo-academic/#step-0-make-your-about-page-your-actual-homepage)
- [Src set and responsive sizes in cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/blog/responsive_images_with_srcset_sizes_and_cloudinary)
- [Go to previous commit and push](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4359681/want-to-change-my-master-to-an-older-commit-how-can-i-do-this)
- [Hugo Best Practice](https://github.com/praveenjuge/hugo-SEO-meta-tags)

## Math

- [KaTex partial](https://eankeen.github.io/blog/posts/render-latex-with-katex-in-hugo-blog/)
- [Gatsby Blog ML](https://janosh.dev/blog)
- [Add plots to Hugo - Plotly](https://metalblueberry.github.io/post/howto/2019-11-23_add_plots_with_hugo_shortcodes/)

- [List of Hugo Markdown tools and Shortcodes](https://themes.gohugo.io//theme/hugo-book/docs/shortcodes/mermaid/)
- [anotehr blog](https://geoffruddock.com/)
- [Integrate Hugo and Katex](https://vincenttam.gitlab.io/post/2019-04-29-improved-integration-of-hugo-and-katex/)

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/murshidazher/murshid/blob/master/LICENSE) © Murshid Azher

Commit message:

feat: add minutes to read and total number of wrds

themes/murshid-starter/README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/murshidazher/murshid/master/themes/murshid-starter/static/img/favicon-lg.png" width="75px">

# [murshidazher.com](https://murshidazher.com/)

> A simple starter theme for personal website.

- **SASS** — what are the uses

## Links

- [Curated collection](https://github.com/theNewDynamic/awesome-hugo) of hugo articles and examples and [extension](https://github.com/theNewDynamic/language-hugo-vscode).
- Get top 5 github links [Hugo data](https://gohugo.io/templates/data-templates/)
- [SEO and RSS](https://keithpblog.org/post/hugo-website-seo/)
- [Perfect meta](https://www.skcript.com/svr/perfect-seo-meta-tags-with-hugo/)
- [Superb site for Shortcodes and Hugo updates](https://gohugohq.com/partials/emojis-shortcode-for-hugo/)
- [How To Change The Links That Appear Under Your Site On Google](https://www.create.net/support/how-to-change-the-links-that-appear-under-your-site-on-google)
- [ifttt](https://ifttt.com/join)
- [pocket + ifttt](https://ifttt.com/connect/feed/pocket)
- [IFTTT Andy article](https://hankchizljaw.com/wrote/jamstack-ifttt-and-netlify:-a-power-trio/#heading-back-to-power-trios)
- [Vinyl Record cover](https://www.sketchappsources.com/free-source/1908-vinyl-pop-up-sketch-freebie-resource.html)
- [Asynchronously loading pages](https://albertarmea.com/post/async-load-hugo/)
- [hugo-lunrjs-search-index](https://codewithhugo.com/hugo-lunrjs-search-index/)
- [WIA aria 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/)
- [Generative Art](https://hamy.xyz/about/) generative art
- [Manage Google Tags](https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/tag-manager/)
- [Auto-publish future posts with JAMstack on Netlify and IFTTT/CircleCI 2.0 scheduled jobs](https://codewithhugo.com/scheduled-future-posts-jamstack/)
- [Hugo - Best practices](https://github.com/spech66/hugo-best-practices)
- [SASS / SCSS Assets Management](https://gohugo.io/hugo-pipes/scss-sass/)
- [Custom headers Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/headers/#multi-value-headers)
- [Circle CI + Heroku](https://circleci.com/blog/automating-the-deploy-of-an-adonis-api-to-heroku/) and
  [this](https://discourse.gohugo.io/t/automated-deployment-with-circle-ci-hugo/11168)
- [Automate scheduled builds with Hugo, Netlify, and GitLab’s CI/CD pipeline](https://www.neotericdesign.com/articles/2020/02/automate-scheduled-builds-with-hugo-netlify-and-gitlabs-ci/cd-pipeline/)
- [SEO Links](https://varvy.com/)
- [Netlify + Apache HTTP access](https://community.netlify.com/t/netlify-using-htaccess-file/3678/2)
- [Remove Outdated Links Google](https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/removals)
- [How to create subdomain in Netlify](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-host-a-git-repository-on-a-subdomain-with-netlify-b8afb5fca96e/)
- [SEO sitemap best practices in 2020](https://blog.spotibo.com/sitemap-guide/)
- [minify configuration in HUGO](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/configuration/) config to minify CSS
- [Cloudinary Dynamic Quality Analysis](https://cloudinary.com/blog/how_to_support_webp_images_save_bandwidth_and_improve_user_performance)
- [WebP Hero](https://chasemoskal.com/webp-hero/)
- [Stackoverflow Webp](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47663490/how-to-view-webp-format-on-ie11)
- [Progressive Image Loading](https://scotch.io/tutorials/blurry-to-crisp-progressive-media-for-better-ux)
- [Netlify Custom headers](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/headers/#basic-authentication-headers)
- [Content of this](https://www.connorrothschild.com/)
- [Blog Side Content Nav](https://www.connorrothschild.com/post/animate-hugo-academic/#step-0-make-your-about-page-your-actual-homepage)
- [Src set and responsive sizes in cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/blog/responsive_images_with_srcset_sizes_and_cloudinary)
- [Go to previous commit and push](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4359681/want-to-change-my-master-to-an-older-commit-how-can-i-do-this)
- [Hugo Best Practice](https://github.com/praveenjuge/hugo-SEO-meta-tags)

## Math

- [KaTex partial](https://eankeen.github.io/blog/posts/render-latex-with-katex-in-hugo-blog/)
- [Gatsby Blog ML](https://janosh.dev/blog)
- [Add plots to Hugo - Plotly](https://metalblueberry.github.io/post/howto/2019-11-23_add_plots_with_hugo_shortcodes/)

- [List of Hugo Markdown tools and Shortcodes](https://themes.gohugo.io//theme/hugo-book/docs/shortcodes/mermaid/)
- [anotehr blog](https://geoffruddock.com/)
- [Integrate Hugo and Katex](https://vincenttam.gitlab.io/post/2019-04-29-improved-integration-of-hugo-and-katex/)
- [Dynamically Render MathJax or Katex](https://github.com/cntrump/hugo-notepadium/blob/master/layouts/partials/math.html)
- [Hugo Codeblock copy](https://aaronluna.dev/blog/add-copy-button-to-code-blocks-hugo-chroma/)
- [same as above and good tech blog](https://www.dannyguo.com/blog/how-to-add-copy-to-clipboard-buttons-to-code-blocks-in-hugo/)
- [Good Blog](https://tomspencer.dev/blog/)
- [Hugo Blog Tricks on Time to Read and words count](https://github.com/dguo/dannyguo.com)

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/murshidazher/murshid/blob/master/LICENSE) © Murshid Azher
